journal letter to ashwini

 scene in the room

 mirgaines

 she wakes up

 mobile call from friend

 meetup at his house, take rudhvi with you

 responsible father - quit drinking and smoking

 genius son

 million followers on twitter - asks followers if someone would volunteer to go in the past and bring back wife. Chooses tanvi. comic relief.

 END GOAL

 bring ashwini back to life

 characters

 ashay - youngest Phd in physics - experimental physicist, working on time travel, experiment goes wrong wife dies

 Tanvi -

 rudhvi - quantum entangled with parents, can talk to parents telepathically,

 joey, rj's son - ashay's protege, prodigy working with ashay

 Mystic buddhist monk -
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

future

what promise to tanvi?
who was the mystery man?
How did he come to know about the place.

the only way to kill her was once the enchantment was done. So it was necessary for Rudhvi to be kidnapped.

Dave saw the hooded figure at the house and he was trying to grap Rudhvi but Dave fought with him and rescued rudhvi and ran away from the figure. what happened to the wife? the wife was the figure!


wife wants to kill husband because the child can comnmunicate with him and wants his brain. tanvi is involved because it will enhance her psychic powers.

her psychic powers are at their peak during full moon and at the lowest at new moon.

the child is telepathic and could actually communicate with her father. The voice in his head was his daughter's. His friend was a psychic and she taught him how to connect with the child.

the expirement goes wrong and the child gets sent in the past. it was the only way to save the child.
The caller was him only, he could save either his ex-wife or his child. save the child his exwife said He had to put the wheels into motion so that child could be saved. if he didn't call, his child would die. the child had the mark and he was marked for death by the underworld due to her powers. she can read minds.

They kidnapped her to save her. He was compromised and could not be trusted.